---
title: 100 days of Coding & What it's Teaching Me
tags: [python, 100 days]
style: fill
color: info
description: 100 days of coding and what it is teaching me.
---
<!-- # 100 days of Coding: What it's Teaching Me -->
I took up a challenge not too long ago where I must code every day for 100 days. It's a journey that's pushing me to new limits.<br>
I’m currently on day **100** of 100.

### Staying on Track
There are days when I feel tired or frustrated, but I've committed to this challenge, so I am accountable. It's not just about showing up; it's about pushing through the tough days and celebrating the small victories.

### Resilience and Consistency
Coding daily is teaching me resilience. Some days, the code flows effortlessly; other days, every line feels like a battle. But by showing up consistently, I'm learning that perseverance pays off. Each day is a step forward, no matter how small. Progress, even if minute, is still progress.

### Accountability
By sharing my journey, I’m holding myself accountable. Posting updates and progress reports keeps me motivated. Knowing that pushes me to keep going, even when it gets tough.

### Learning from Mistakes
Mistakes are inevitable, but they are also incredibly valuable. Each error is an opportunity to learn and improve. Debugging and troubleshooting have become part of my daily routine, teaching me to embrace challenges rather than fear them.

### Exploring New Technologies
This challenge is also about expanding my skill set. I’m diving into new technologies and tools that I hadn’t explored before. Each day brings a new learning opportunity, making me a more versatile and curious coder.

### Final Thoughts
The 100 days of coding challenge is more than just a daily task; it’s a journey of personal growth. I’m learning resilience, consistency, accountability, and how to turn mistakes into learning opportunities. As I continue, I look forward to the skills and insights that await. Here’s to the next 100 days and beyond!

<p style="align: left">
{% include elements/button.html link="https://github.com/tiramdasg/" text="See my Projects" %}
</p>